hello viewers this video is brought to
you by tuna and spark Mac lived on
twitch.tv hey whats up guys its him and
welcome to a new video well be updating
you on my status on 07 runescape
starting off with the 75 defensive works
getting this up all the way from 45 and
I'm done is pretty fast and I was all
raining 99 range so I was like hmm I
could just train with long range and it
was it was fast XP guys much faster than
if i would have wine with melee to train
my defense up and i was just finishing
up here with bursting on the shared
defense XP i bang this out as well I I
believe this should have been in the
other video but I never added it in so
this happened like two days ago got 70
prayer and I can now use piety so that's
the done stuff what am i working on
right now basically magic and quest
points to finish up for Barrow gloves
154 quest points out of 175 and I've got
all the necessity quests done I just
need to get the 175 to unlock the boss
million recipe for disaster you guys
know how it is lunar is done desert
treasure is done so i got ancients and
lunar vengeance as soon as i get that 94
mage oh yes another thing to mention
while i was a long range training my
defense my computer just randomly
decides to shut down so I i lost my void
once again it's not as bad as a full set
i just lost the helm and the gloves
which sucks donkey dick yeah don't even
comment via good fight damn chicks boys
yeah i don't know how you do it I don't
know myself
screw you guys I am the boy and I
seriously though guys hope everyone's
doing good I apologize this video wasn't
as long as some of my other videos butts
I've been busy first thing and getting
so much stuff done it's crazy how much
progress I've been having lately you may
say damn you have no life in this game a
little too much which is true you are
absolutely right anyways I will see all
of you very soon in another video until
next time subscribe for future releases
and I hope you enjoyed damn straight I'm
a big ninja Taylor and before you know
it without dragging pods and don't
forget to check out yesterday's video by
clicking on your screen right there
linked with the annotation if not
there's link in the description as well
you